Structured Problem Solving

Breaks down problem

	identify inputs, outputs and constraints.

	* what do we need?
	* what are the limitations or constraints???

2.Analyze the problem
	break the problem into smaller constraints.

3. Make a Plan
	- create a simple ordered list to solve the problem
	* input > output

4. Implement the solution
	- 


Lesson 01 – Problem Solving Fundamentals –
Example Problems
For each of the following problems, use Structured Problem Solving to design
and test a solution.

1. The XYZ Corporation's marketing department recently conducted a
survey and found that their online advertising campaign resulted in a
conversion rate of 0.8%. They are now planning a new campaign and
want to estimate the potential number of conversions based on their
target audience size. Write a program that will estimate the number of
conversions for a target audience size of 3M.

Define the problem clearly:
	- online advertising campaign resulted in a conversion rate of 0.8%.
	- want to estimate the potential number of conversion based on their target size for 		for the new campaign.
	- write a program that will estimate the number of conversion for a target audience 		size of 3million.
	- input - X number of target audience (3million)
	- output - estimated number of conversion for the target audience.
	- constraint - using the conversion rate of 0.8%

Analyze the problems
	- based on the recent survey that resulted in a conversion rate of 0.8%, it resulted 		around 24,000 converts out of 3M.
	- 
Make a plan:
Implement the solution:
Testing and Evaluating:


2. You need to get 5 cats into one carrier in 30 minutes so you can make
it to their vet appointment. The cats are not cooperative and may
scatter or hide when they sense something is up. Treats, toys, and
other lures can be used.

Define the problem clearly:

Analyze the problem:

Make a plan:

Implement the solution:

Testing and Evaluting:

3. A problem from your life.

Define the problem clearly:

Analyze the problem:

Make a plan:

Implement the solution:

Testing and Evaluting: